♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road
And back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
Good morning, ma.
Working on
the crossword puzzle?
Nope. Just lining up a few dates.
Let's see, "Maria Molinaro,
85, died of natural causes.
Survived by her husband
Tony Molinaro."
Ma, you are getting dates
from the obituaries? That's sick.
Not sick, practical.
Life is for the living.
Maria's loss is my date
for the early-bird special
at the Howard Johnson's.
Dorothy, this is unbelievable.
Look at this.
"Heart surgeon turns out
to be produce manager at A&P."
Further over.
"Miami retailers to sponsor
songwriting contest."
The Miami retailers
are awarding $10,000
to the person comes up with the best
new song about the city of Miami.
$10,000?
-That's right. I'm entering.
-You?
I've written songs before.
I wrote our high-school fight song,
"Onward, St. Olaf."
They still sing it.
♪ Onward, St. Olaf ♪
♪ Onward we go ♪
♪ Onward and onward ♪
♪ St. Olaf's go ♪
♪ Go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go-- ♪
Rose, Rose, Rose.
That's a...
it's a catchy tune,
but who wrote those lyrics?
I did. Lyrics aren't
my strong point.
I got lucky that time.
You'll have to get luckier than
"go, go, go" to win that $10,000.
Rose, I have to confess.
I dabbled a little in poetry writing
in high school.
That's nothing
to be ashamed of.
Many tall girls without dates
wrote poetry in high school.
No. I meant that for $10,000,
I might try my hand
at lyric writing.
Maybe we could team up.
Music by Rose Nylund,
lyrics by Dorothy Zbornak?
Why not?
We could be the next Rodgers
and Hammerstein,
Simon and Garfunkel. The next--
Shari Lewis and Lambchop.
I don't know if I could get my hand
that far up your dress.
But I'll tell you, for $10,000
I'd be willing to try.
-Morning.
-Hi, Blanche.
Dorothy and I decided to enter
a songwriting contest together.
Oh, no, that sounds like fun,
I always wanted to write a song
but kind of like writing poetry,
which I was never good at.
Only tall girls without dates
were good at poetry.
(telephone rings)
Hello.
-Hello, big daddy.
-My father?
No. She's right here.
You take care too.
Bye-bye, big.
Bid daddy, how are you?
I'm just fine.
How can you say I look younger
over the telephone?
No, it's true. I just wondered
how you knew over the telephone.
You're kidding.
That's great!
Ok. I'll see you
Friday at 4. Bye.
This is so exciting.
Big daddy's coming on Friday.
Says he has a big surprise.
I can't wait to see what it is.
Tony Molinaro won't go out
with me Friday.
I'm not surprised.
His wife just died.
The man's still in mourning.
No. May Bloomfield beat me to him.
Hi, Rose. Did you play with
those lyrics I gave you?
Yeah, listen to this.
Hey, that sounds great.
Take it from the top.
From the top.
That sounds so musical.
Tickle the ivories, Rose.
Coochie-coochie-coochie-coo.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Rose, play or die.
♪ Miami is nice
So I'll say it twice ♪
♪ Miami is nice, Miami is nice ♪
♪ Miami is-- ♪
Wait a minute.
You put in an extra
"Miami is nice."
I had to.
Hurts the music if you don't.
The lyrics don't make sense.
It goes...
♪ Miami is nice
So I'll say it twice ♪
Oh, I see your point.
Well, what about this--
Miami is nice,
so I'll say it thrice.
Who the hell says "thrice"?
-It's a word.
-So is intrauterine.
It does not belong in a song.
♪ Miami, you're cuter than
An intrauterine ♪
Rose, Dorothy, smell me.
I only do the milk.
You know the rules.
This is the last drop of that
perfume big daddy gave me
on my 21st birthday.
Is it still fragrant?
After all, that was 20 years ago.
Oh, Blanche, if your 21st birthday
was 20 years ago,
you'd be 41.
That's right.
You look terrible for your age.
(doorbell rings)
-Howdy, Dorothy.
-Mr. Hollingsworth, come in.
-Rose.
-Good to see you.
Big daddy, let me look at you.
No. Let me look at you.
You're still as pretty as a ladybug
sunning itself on a lily pad on a
misty spring day south of Savannah.
Could you be more specific,
big daddy?
Do my eyes deceive me,
or do I see
Sophia Petrillo before me?
Or did you all get
Sophia Loren as a roommate?
Get out the boots.
He's back.
Come, sit down
on the sofa betwixt us.
Betwixt?
See? That's another word
you don't know.
You probably don't even
know the thrice of them
are sitting on the couch.
What's this surprise?
Tell me, tell me before I burst!
I don't know how you'll take this.
There's a lady friend I've been
spending a lot of time with.
Do I know her?
I don't think so.
I was introduced
to the widow Spencer
at a wedding a few months ago.
I'd like
to meet her.
She'll be here
tomorrow evening.
Just exactly what is
this surprise, daddy?
Don't get excited,
but Margaret and I are planning
on walking down
the aisle together.
Is she happy or sad?
I'm not sure. I've never heard
her make that sound before.
I've heard her make that sound.
I assure you, she was happy.
Daddy, I have never been
happier in my life.
I'm so glad.
I was worried how you gonna react.
Nobody can ever replace mama
in my heart,
but the important thing
is for you to be happy.
-I wish you all the best.
-I hope you'll be so happy.
I'm throwing you
the best wedding you ever saw.
Please, no fuss.
We're marrying in the Bahamas.
No, you won't.
-A Hollingsworth marries in style.
-I don't want to impose.
We'd love having
the wedding here.
We'll write a song
for the occasion.
-No, we won't, Rose.
-No, we won't.
Aw, daddy, please.
Oh, all right.
I never could say no to you.
(telephone rings)
Hello?
Oh, that's too bad.
A tragedy.
A terrible tragedy.
May she rest in peace.
Great news.
Teresa Lombardi passed away.
Ma, what's so great
about that?
Her husband Freddie
has nothing to do.
Neither one of us has seen
"ruthless people."
Blanche,
do you have a minute?
Dorothy and I wrote a song.
We'd like your opinion.
-Oh, sure.
-We've really hit on something.
Oh.
♪ M-I-A ♪
♪ Another M-I
M-I-A-M-I ♪
-♪ Spells Miami beach ♪
-Girls.
-♪ It stirs emotion ♪
-♪ It's by the ocean ♪
-Girls.
♪ So bring your suntan lo-- ♪
-Girls!
-What?
Well, M-I-A-M-I
doesn't spell Miami beach.
That spells Miami.
I told you not to add beach.
Oh, fine. Fine.
You find something to rhyme
with Miami, hotshot.
Mammy.
Whammy, clammy, alabamy,
hootenanny, salamy.
Hootenanny is marginal,
and I refuse to accept salamy.
I'll make some coffee.
I'm expecting that lady
from the catering company.
And I don't want her to think
I am a bad host.
Salamy. Please!
I never had this trouble
when I worked alone.
-Oh.
-(doorbell rings)
When you worked alone,
you rhymed go with go.
-Hello.
-Hello. Please come in.
You must be from
the catering company.
Actually, I'm from Atlanta.
I'm Margaret Spencer.
Whoa.
What a coincidence.
Blanche's father
is marrying a Margaret Spencer
from Atlanta.
Only she's much older...
I think.
What do you think,
Dorothy?
Whoa!
I'm getting so excited
about big daddy's wedding.
Well, hello.
I'm Blanche Devereaux.
Blanche, this is,
please meet,
say hello to big mommy.
Well, I'm sorry I'm so early.
Traffic wasn't what I expected.
Well, the important thing
is you got here safely.
It's so good
to finally meet you.
Your father's told me
so much about you.
I wish I could say the same.
Margaret, please sit down.
Maybe we should get her
a booster seat.
Can I get you a drink?
How about chocolate milk?
So... Margaret, you're from Atlanta.
That's right.
That child's trying to steal
my daddy away.
She's no better than a tick
on a hound dog.
Why is everyone
talking like Burl Ives?
-(doorbell rings)
-I'll get it.
Atlanta must be a lovely city.
Have they rebuilt it much since it
burned down in "gone with the wind"?
Big daddy.
I'm glad you're here.
I see you're all
getting acquainted. Hi, darling.
Big daddy, we need to talk.
Rose, let's show Margaret
how you make the hose dance
when you turn it on full blast.
You said I couldn't
do that anymore.
Today's a special day.
She makes it
twirl around.
It goes all over.
It's such fun.
Well, what do you
think of Maggie?
-Does it matter?
-Of course.
Then I'll be frank.
She's a gold-digging hussy.
Watch your tongue, missy.
That woman is too young for you.
She's practically my age.
I'm not ashamed
to love a younger woman.
-You kept it secret.
-It's not a secret.
I didn't think age
mattered to you.
Oh, daddy. It's wrong.
You're just making
a fool of yourself.
As long as I'm alive,
I'm your father.
Don't you ever call me a fool.
Daddy, just please
call off this wedding.
Once in grade school, I crossbred
a rutabaga and a potato.
I couldn't decide whether to call it
a rutatato or a potatobago.
You'll have to
excuse Rose.
That hose dance brings up a lot
of childhood memories.
Daddy, can I speak
to you in private?
Blanche, this conversation is over.
Margaret, we're leaving.
Daddy, this woman isn't for you.
You're dragging our family
name through the mud.
I've always given you
my love and respect.
If you can't return that, you're
no longer a part of our family.
Dorothy, we're doing great.
The song will be fine.
We just need to find
a rhyme for orange.
What rhymes with orange.
Cheesecake?
Orange cheesecake.
Orange cheesecake. That could work.
I meant to eat, Rose.
You're not at the piano?
We're blocked.
I've had luck with Tang
followed by a Granola bar.
-Blanche, how you doing?
-I'm just a wreck.
All I can think about is big daddy
and that woman.
Rose, cut me some
cheesecake. Bigger.
Why are you
getting so upset?
You see older men
with younger women all the time.
It's very common.
Look at John Derek
and Ursula Andress,
John Derek and Linda Evans,
John Derek and Bo Derek.
Maybe it's not so common.
Maybe it's just one guy
who gets around a lot.
If older men knew how ridiculous
they looked, they wouldn't do it.
They don't think
they look ridiculous.
A 60-year-old man walked into a
restaurant wearing four gold chains
and his shirt open to his navel.
I thought people were staring
at the scars to his bypass surgery.
They were staring at the 22-year-old
blonde on his arm.
And he was not embarrassed.
He was proud.
Maybe he was out
with the woman he loved.
Oh, please. There was
a 40-year age difference.
What could they
have in common?
Love has no definition,
no boundaries.
Age has nothing to do with it.
Sometimes two people
who have the least in common
turn out to be the most in love.
That was true for Ollie
Nofstetlermeyer and Molly Jane Doe.
Ollie and Molly?
Must we take yet another trip
to "petticoat junction"?
Ollie was the mayor and our
town's most respected citizen.
He was also artistic director of the
St. Olaf community playhouse.
A lot of people don't know this,
but the family drama
Hey, that's my tractor
got its start right there.
Wasn't the musical version called
"Hey, hey, that's my tractor?"
Anyway, during the auditions,
the first woman who walked in
was Molly Jane Doe,
the town manicurist.
For five extra dollars,
she'd buff more than your nails.
$5.00?
It was during the depression.
In Italy, for $5.00,
you got a woman,
a manicure, a cappuccino, and a
box of Milano cookies for your wife.
A fact.
Use it as you wish.
Anyway, it was love at first sight.
Nobody could believe this man
who had lived 52 years
with his mother
would fall head over heels in love
with the town squeeze.
But he did.
The next day, they were married and
lived happily together for 25 years.
How in hell does this
relate to my father?
Nobody knows why
two people fall in love,
and it's really nobody's business.
He's my father.
It's my business.
I'll give them a piece of my mind.
If you go angry,
you'll just make things worse.
I'm sorry,
but I have to say what I feel.
"I have to say what I feel."
♪ I have to say what I feel ♪
♪ Miami has so much appeal ♪
♪ A great place
To get a seafood meal ♪
-♪ Miami ♪
-Simon?
-Yes, Garfunkel?
To the 88s!
Yes?
Give us something
on the beach.
We'll be there
on our honeymoon.
(knock on door)
Come on in, sweetheart.
Yes. A sea view
and plenty of privacy.
Isn't that right, darling?
No, daddy, it isn't.
Excuse me. I'll call you back.
I'm not sure
I want to see you.
You spoke your piece already.
Daddy, I've been thinking.
I'm starting to understand why
you're doing what you're doing.
Can I talk to you?
Daddy.
When a man
reaches your age,
he might start wondering
who will take care of him.
Yes, he does.
He might even start
looking for somebody
to replace his first wife.
Yes, he might.
He might even be looking for ways
to feel a little bit younger.
Yes, he certainly might.
But is that any reason
to get married
just 'cause some pretty, sexy,
bouncy, bubbly young thing
takes an interest in you?
Hell, yes.
But there's another reason.
Blanche, when you spend six months
watching the person you love
more than anybody else
in the world slowly die...
you wonder
if you'll ever love again.
After that, believe me, if you can
even think of marrying someone else,
there's only one reason,
you're in love.
I know mama's dying
hurt you quite a bit.
Yes, it did.
But I'm talking about Margaret.
Her husband died
two years ago,
shortly after your mama.
I didn't know.
She loves me, and I love her.
We want to get married.
I'm sorry, Daddy.
Seems every time I'm trying
to help you, you don't need me.
Now, that's not true.
Margaret and I came down
here in the first place
because we do need you, we need
your blessing on our marriage.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, that's all right.
I was just leaving.
Only I want to say something.
What is it, Blanche?
Well, you and I have more
in common than we thought.
We both love big daddy.
We want him to be happy.
So welcome to the family.
A post card from big daddy
and Margaret.
They say they're having a wonderful
time in the Bahamas.
The big news is he survived
the wedding night.
Sophia, you know people in their
70s and 80s can have great sex.
Yeah, with people
in their 70s and 80s.
Put me in the bedroom
with Tom Cruise,
and you'd be peeling me
off the ceiling.
According to big daddy, he
still has both feet on the ground.
You handled it better than
I thought you would.
I'm not thrilled,
but as long as they're happy
and I don't have
to call her mommy,
I can live with it.
Hello.
How did you do?
We came in second.
Oh, that's terrific.
What did you get?
Treated badly.
They pushed us away
when they took the winner's
picture with Anita Bryant.
I'd love to hear your song.
-Forget it.
-Please.
It was too painful.
-Please?
-We wanna to put it out of our mind.
-Hit it, Rose.
♪ I have to say what I feel ♪
♪ Miami has so much appeal ♪
♪ A great place
To get a seafood meal ♪
-♪ Miami ♪
♪ Miami, Miami ♪
♪ You've got style ♪
♪ Blue skies, sunshine
White sand by the mile ♪
♪ When you live in this town ♪
♪ Each day is sublime ♪
♪ The coldest of winters ♪
♪ Are warm and divine ♪
♪ Miami, Miami ♪
♪ You've got style ♪
♪ Blue skies, sunshine
White sand by the mile ♪
♪ There's ball clubs
And nightclubs ♪
♪ All within reach ♪
♪ Dance the Samba till morning ♪
♪ Then lie on the beach ♪
♪ Each view is a post card ♪
♪ Each day a great time ♪
♪ The cream of the crop
It's the top of the line ♪
♪ Miami, Miami ♪
♪ You've got style ♪
♪ Blue skies, sunshine
White sand by the mile ♪
♪ Miami ♪
♪ You've got style ♪